[DOCS-1807] Release notes for v0.75 (#1796)
wandb/docs: release-notes/server-releases.mdx

<EolReminder/>

<Update label="v0.75.0" description="October 28, 2025">

> W&B v0.75 enhances Registry with a new Restricted Viewer role, SCIM API support, and the ability to star registries. The new automation execution history view helps you understand and debug your automations. Visualize config-driven effects with semantic coloring by config properties such as hyperparameters, view full-fidelity plots for system metrics, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
W&B v0.75 enhances Registry with a new Restricted Viewer role, the ability to star registries, and programmatic Registry access control over SCIM. The new automation execution history view helps you to understand and debug your automations. Visualize config-driven effects with semantic coloring by config properties such as hyperparameters, view full-fidelity plots for system metrics, and more.
```
